Once upon a time there was a mother pig with three little pigs. 

Because they were growing up quickly and it was getting harder to care for them, she sent them into the world to earn their fortunes. 

The first pig to leave home met a farmer in the fields with a bundle of straw. 

"Please, sir," said the First Little Pig to the Farmer. "Give me that straw so I can build a fine home." 

So the Farmer gave the First Little Pig some straw, and he built himself a house. 

One day, a Wolf came along to the door of the First Little Pig's straw house. 

"Little pig, little pig, let me come in," said the Wolf, knocking. 

"Not by the hair on my chinny chin chin," replied the First Little Pig behind the locked door. 

"Then I'll huff and I'll puff, and I'll blow your house in!" 

So the Wolf huffed and he puffed, and he blew the house in. 

Then the Wolf ate the First Little Pig 

The next pig to leave home met a Woodsman in the forest with a bundle of sticks. 

"Please, sir," said the Second Little Pig to the Woodsman. "Give me those sticks so I can build a nice home." 

So the Woodsman gave the Second Little Pig some sticks and he built himself a house. 

Then along came the Wolf to the Second Little Pig's house of sticks. 

"Little Pig, little Pig, let me come in," said the Wolf. 

"No, no, no!" replied the Second Little Pig. "Not by the hair of my chinny chin chin." 

"Then I'll huff and I'll puff, and I'll blow your house in!" 

So the Wolf huffed and he puffed, and he puffed and he huffed. 

And at last the Wolf blew the house down then ate the Second Little Pig. 

Now the Third Little Pig met a Carpenter in town with a load of bricks. 

"Please, sir," said the Third Little Pig to the Carpenter. "Give me those bricks so I can build a great home." 

So the Carpenter gave the Third Little Pig some bricks and he built himself a house. 

And so the Wolf came to his house, as he had done with the other pigs. 

"Little Pig, little Pig, let me come in," said the Wolf. 

"No, no, no," replied the Third Little Pig. "Not by the hair of my chinny chin chin." 

"Then I'll huff and I'll puff, and I'll blow your house in." 

Well the Wolf huffed and he puffed, and he puffed and he huffed. 

And he puffed and he huffed, and he huffed and he puffed. 

But the Wolf could not blow down the Third Little Pig's solid brick house. 

"Little pig," said the Wolf, "I know where there's a field of turnips. 

The Third Little Pig asked: "Where?" 

"In Mr. Smith's garden. Tomorrow morning I'll call at six o'clock and we'll go dig up some dinner." 

"Very well." 

Next morning the Third Little Pig rose at five. 

He went to Mr. Smith's garden, dug up the turnips, and was home before six. 

When the Wolf came at six he asked, "Little Pig, are you ready?" 

"Ready!" he replied. "I have gone to Mr. Smith's and come back, and have a pot-full for dinner!" 

The Wolf was now terribly angry for having been tricked by the Third Little Pig. 

"I'm going to eat you little pig," shouted the Wolf. "Here I come down the chimney to get you! 

So the Wolf found a ladder and climbed up to the little pig's roof. 

Meanwhile the Third Little Pig lit a blazing fire beneath the pot of turnips and water in the fireplace. 

Then just as the Wolf came down the chimney the little pig took off the cover and the Wolf fell in. 

Into the pot fell the wolf, with a big splash. And that was the end of the wolf. And so The Third Little Pig slammed on the cover and cooked up a pot of Wolf and turnip stew. The third little pig was too clever for him, and lived happily ever after.